add CONTRIBUTING.md (#31)
coder/modules: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing a Module

Reviewer: This is in the `modules` repo, so I think calling this `Contributing` is fine.

> To quickly start contributing with a new module, clone this repository and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new module, clone this repository and run:
```
